helm: Support VolumeSnapshotClass and VolumeGroupSnapshotClass (#5240)
ceph/ceph-csi: charts/ceph-csi-rbd/README.md

| `volumeSnapshotClass.name`                                 | Specifies the rbd VolumeSnapshotClass name                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | `csi-rbdplugin-snapclass`                               |
| `volumeSnapshotClass.annotations`                          | Specifies the annotations for the rbd volumeSnapshotClass                                                                                                                                                                                                            | `[]`                                                    |
| `volumeSnapshotClass.clusterID`                            | String representing a Ceph cluster to provision storage from                                                                                                                                                                                                         | `<cluster-ID>`                                          |

> | `volumeSnapshotClass.snapshotNamePrefix`                   | Prefix to use for naming CephFS snapshots                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | `""`                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `volumeSnapshotClass.snapshotNamePrefix`                   | Prefix to use for naming RBD snapshots                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | `""`                                                    |
```

| `volumeGroupSnapshotClass.name`                            | Specifies the rbd VolumeGroupSnapshotClass name                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | `csi-rbdplugin-groupsnapclass`                          |
| `volumeGroupSnapshotClass.annotations`                     | Specifies the annotations for the rbd volumeGroupSnapshotClass                                                                                                                                                                                                       | `[]`                                                    |
| `volumeGroupSnapshotClass.clusterID`                       | String representing a Ceph cluster to provision storage from                                                                                                                                                                                                         | `<cluster-ID>`                                          |

> | `volumeGroupSnapshotClass.pool`                            | Ceph pool into which the RBD image shall be created                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | `replicapool`                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `volumeGroupSnapshotClass.pool`                            | The Ceph pool where the RBD group should be created                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | `replicapool`                                           |
```

Author: Similar wording are copy-and-pasted from https://github.com/ceph/ceph-csi/blob/cc407d157ec33e69d8b33652d5232c9187569624/charts/ceph-csi-rbd/README.md?plain=1#L205

> | `volumeGroupSnapshotClass.volumeGroupNamePrefix`           | Prefix to use for naming CephFS volumeGroups                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | `""`                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `volumeGroupSnapshotClass.volumeGroupNamePrefix`           | Prefix to use for naming RBD volumeGroups                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | `""`                                                    |
```
